Title All: Loud, fast & out of control [sound recording] : the wild sounds of '50's rock. Loud, fast and out of control Wild sounds of '50's rock Wild sounds of fifties rock C'mon everybody B-I-Bickey-bi, bo-bo-go Jailhouse rock Rock Billy boogie Johnny B. Goode Leroy Black slacks Sunglasses after dark Put your cat clothes on Duck tail Woo-hoo Come on, let's go I'm ready Shake, rattle and roll Jump, jive an' wail Chicken shack Finger poppin' time Rebel-'rouser How can you be mean to me My boy Elvis My baby left me Whole lot of shakin' going on That is rock & roll Shakin' all over Let's have a party Rave on Action packed Red hot Great balls of fire Girl can't help it Hey! Bo-Diddley Willie and the hand jive Hand clappin' Flip flop and fly Jumps, giggles and shouts Roll over Beethoven Hippy hippy shake I'm shakin Bony moronie Tallahassee lassie Claudette Maybellene (We're gonna) Rock around the clock School of rock 'n roll Little demon Race with the devil Voodoo voodoo Rockin' in the graveyard Henrietta Summertime blues Tutti-frutti Raw-hide Who do you love? See you later, alligator Rockin' bones Splish splash Bo Diddley Bye bye love Oh, boy! Whole lotta loving Little bitty pretty one Chantilly lace Honey, don't! Go! go! go! Forty days Rocket "88" Frenzy Koko Joe King Kong Ubangi stomp Flyin' saucers rock & roll Blue suede shoes Rockin' this joint to-nite Honey hush Yakety yak Crazy country hop Rumble
Local Call Number: P
ISBN: 9780737900453
Publication Information: Los Angeles : Rhino, p1999.
Physical Description: 4 sound discs : digital ; 4 3/4 in.
Contents: 
C'mon everybody 
B-I-Bickey-bi,bo-bo-go 
Jailhouse rock 
Rock Billy boogie 
Johnny B. Goode 
Leroy 
Black slacks 
Sunglasses after dark 
Put your cat clothes on 
Duck tail 
Woo-hoo 
Come on, let's go 
I'm ready 
Shake, rattle and roll 
Jump, jive an' wail 
Chicken shack 
Finger poppin' time 
Rebel-'rouser 
How can you be mean to me 
My boy Elvis 
My baby left me 
Whole lot of shakin' going on 
That is rock & roll 
Shakin' all over Let's have a party Rave on Action packed Red hot Great balls of fire Girl can't help it Hey! Bo-Diddley Willie and the hand jive Hand clappin' Flip flop and fly Jumps, giggles and shouts Roll over Beethoven Hippy hippy shake I'm shakin Bony moronie Tallahassee lassie Claudette Maybellene (We're gonna) Rock around the clock School of rock 'n roll Little demon Race with the devil Voodoo voodoo Rockin' in the graveyard Henrietta Summertime blues Tutti-frutti Raw-hide Who do you love? See you later, alligator Rockin' bones Splish splash Bo Diddley Bye bye love Oh, boy! Whole lotta loving Little bitty pretty one Chantilly lace Honey, don't! Go! go! go! Forty days Rocket "88" Frenzy Koko Joe King Kong Ubangi stomp Flyin' saucers rock & roll Blue suede shoes Rockin' this joint to-nite Honey hush Yakety yak Crazy country hop Rumble
Subject Term:
Rock music -- To 1961.
Rock music -- 1961-1970.
OCLC: 41550839 (Sirsi) ACZ-1831
